[en]: add container-engine-install in kant/user-guide (#5344)
DaoCloud/DaoCloud-docs: docs/en/docs/kant/user-guide/node/container-engine-install.md

# Install Container Engine on Edge Nodes

Before edge nodes connect to the system, it is necessary to configure the node environment,

> which includes installing a container engine. This article describes how to install the container runtime component, Containerd.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
which includes installing a container runtime. This article describes how to install containerd, a container runtime recommended in kubernetes community.
```
Containerd -> containerd，全小写，参见 https://containerd.io/

!!! note

    - If the installed version of KubeEdge is higher than v1.12.0, it is recommended to install containerd.

>     - For KubeEdge v1.15.0 and above, please install containerd version v1.6.0 or higher.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - For KubeEdge v1.15.0 and above, please install containerd v1.6.0 or higher.
```

## Install containerd

> Edge node access requires relying on CNI plugins, so it is recommended to directly install containerd with CNI plugins. The steps are as follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To integrate an Edge node requires some CNI plugins, so it is recommended to directly install containerd with CNI plugins. The steps are as follows:
```

1. Download containerd installation package and upload it to the edge node. See [download link](https://github.com/containerd/containerd/tags)
   and select the appropriate version of the installation package based on the operating system and
   CPU architecture of the edge node.

2. Unpack the installation package to the root directory.

    ```shell
    tar xvzf {installation_package_name} -C /
    ```

3. Generate the containerd configuration file.

    !!! note

        When modifying the sandbox image in the configuration file, it may be difficult to pull images

>         from the Kubernetes repository in China, so the DaoCloud image repository can be replaced: m.daocloud.io/k8s.gcr.io/pause:3.8.

Reviewer: 英文中的这个 note 可以删除，国外没有这个问题

    ```shell
    mkdir /etc/containerd
    containerd config default > /etc/containerd/config.toml
    ```

4. Start containerd.

    ```shell
    systemctl start containerd && systemctl enable containerd
    ```

5. Verify whether containerd is successfully installed and running.

    ```shell
    systemctl status containerd
    ```

## Install the nerdctl tool (optional)

It is recommended to install the nerdctl command-line tool for easier container operation
and debugging on the node. The steps are as follows:

1. Download the nerdctl installation package and upload it to the edge node. See [download page](https://github.com/containerd/nerdctl/releases).

    !!! note

>         Please select the appropriate installation package based on the operating system and CPU architecture. Install version v1.7.0 or higher.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        Please select the appropriate installation package based on the operating system and CPU architecture. Install nerdctl v1.7.0 or higher.
```

2. Unpack the installation package and copy the binary file to the **/usr/local/bin** directory.

    ```shell
    tar -zxvf nerdctl-1.7.6-linux-amd64.tar.gz
    cd nerdctl-1.7.6-linux-amd64
    cp nerdctl /usr/local/bin
    ```

3. Verify that containerd is successfully installed.

>     Use the following command to check the Server version number. If it is displayed correctly,
>     it indicates that nerdctl has been successfully installed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Use the following command to check the nerdctl version.
```
